[Music]
what we'll do right now when we break
down all the messed up [ __ ] big spooky
[ __ ] today I don't know if y'all stay up
to date on spooky rice lore but a few
months ago or so I watched the film
called woman's flesh my red guts
directed by Tamaki Chia Naru
the same guy who directed suicide dolls
and tumbling dollar flesh at the end of
women's flesh my red guts was a trailer
from a Roma planning sy label baroque
detailing a piece of media called
rare a dead person I was shocked for the
first time I never seen something like
this before
and could only watch like ten seconds
before I just started to feel queasy and
overall just scared but what scares me
away is a challenge
I've been charging my key to deal with
this movie and I present you all the
first installment of rare a dead person
series which details about five or six
deaths I have no idea what happened
because it's not subtitled so I can only
infer from what I see warning this is a
real death shocked you memory meaning
real instances of deceased bodies are
going to be discussed
I want you all who care to watch to get
a feeling of what it's like to watch a
film such as this our promise that you
will not fully see an actual dead person
in other words you will not see any
actual dead body or anything that can
make you hide in your hands this will be
heavily censored I did it I [ __ ] did
it
I watched rare in its entirety if you
want to see what happens including all
the messed up parts stay tuned for a
breakdown q2 Gohan
[Music]
rare a dead person the only piece of
media that made me run away I'm
believing this entire film takes place
in Thailand
the first body is someone who's been in
a motorbike accident I think even had I
held it on but things still went
terrible it's without a doubt a
completely real version of Glen's
gruesome death from The Walking Dead
head is smashed you can see his teeth
and an eyeball is separate from
everything this cameraman zooms up on a
lot of the most gruesome area so that's
why I can be so descriptive you can see
exposed muscle on his leg I've never
seen anything like that before
it's dark purple and a bone is sticking
out the victims belongings are very
important to this cameraman as well okay
so I was in the kitchen right and I had
some leftover chicken nuggets
I'm thinking maybe out anyone but in the
midst of chewing I imagined this dead
body and had to spit it out eating and
disturbing breakdown does it mix well
another thing we see is the faces of
everybody there watching it's always
regular people who find the bodies first
of all mostly in this field so anybody
know what language this is tell me if
I'm right if this is in Thailand they
soon pick up the body wrap it up and use
newspapers to scoop up all the brain
matter I'm sure he wasn't in pain very
long more likely a different night
brings in a different body
this person has also gotten into some
kind of motor accident his face is
covered in fact I say that it seems as
if his skull is all out his left arm is
covered in a black substance probably
some oil listen to me like his brain
just flew out they finally turned his
body around and we see his face was just
like a Halloween mask in terms of how a
blanket looks look at this dude touching
on the body like he was a close friend
but then he just kicks the body what a
[ __ ] demon I I've never seen such
disrespect another night we got a new
person
[ __ ] happened this time ataxia stuck
somewhere and somebody is dead in the
back I'm thinking that somebody murdered
the taxi driver he's been stabbed many
times in the chest area
ooh they dusted for prints and [ __ ] I
feel like a detective blood is dry stab
marks on the backseat also the person
has had his throat slit but his death
face is nightmare fuel I've never seen a
slit throat before except in fiction
they try prying his fingers open but
they are stiff because of rigor mortis I
should put some gloves on or something
though also need the chip no fingernails
another night in Thailand another dead
person found in a man-made water
embankment this body is quite d composed
I guess I rather say that it's kind of
bloated though from the chest up he's
blue and his face is puffy his arms are
stuck straight in the air because of
rigor mortis I guess this guy died
accidentally on his own probably
discovered by all these people a bloody
substance does seem to be dripping down
his face though I don't know how he died
but I guess the damage was more internal
they carry his debt that carry his death
away they carry his body away soon
another night another person it's an
older man and blood is sweeping out of
his chest a gun is discovered right next
to him the incident here seems obvious
he was in a gunfight with somebody and
lost but what's all this they discover
next to the body another night in death
town what happened this time this is the
first car accident we see for sure
somebody has literally been crushed in
fact you can barely see anything but his
feet five minutes into the scene they
use machinery to bring the twisted metal
backwards showing the body of a dead man
crushed against his dashboard I've never
seen somebody crushed before it looks
like his insides have been forced
outside of his mouth
soon they have to pull him up by
splitting his legs
this is his identification records
regardless they wrap the body up so
here's your warning this next case is
honestly really sad and bothering but
another sad part about it is that this
is the world sometimes at daytime people
are gathered around and abandoned the
building is full of reporters and
investigators inside the building a few
stairs up is a room hidden away in that
room is the highly decomposed body of a
child the first half of the recording
focuses on the underwear of the child
she's only wearing some kind of small
blouse I'm thinking the idea is that
this girl was raped and killed and left
at a rotten rigor mortis really does set
in doesn't it she's basically legs apart
in arms stuck in the air two men pick up
the body and place it on this green dudu
man I flinched when the cameraman zoomed
in on her face is tough to describe I
never seen something like this before
because it looks like the inside of what
I think is her mouth is pulsating it's
like producing liquid bubbles of some
sort death there's a tough thing to view
in real life they soon cover her body up
and carry her outside as everybody
watches the end that's the end of rare a
dead person it just ends with some small
screen keep in mind there was no music
mostly her just emergency responders
barking orders or whatever I thought
that this song would play this song
right here
you all probably don't know what this is
it's the music that played at the end of
women's flesh my red guts during the
duration of the trailer turns out that
the trailer was seven minutes long and
wasn't just a trailer for the original
rare dead person it was an entire broke
trailer showing content from all the
rare films so yeah I watched the trailer
that was too scared to watch a few
months ago it's mostly the same thing
accidents
it's the murders and deaths of children
that are the most disturbing we see a
dead little boy stabbed to death and
hidden another fully nude girl who was
raped and murdered another dead boy who
might have been in an accident and woman
leaning on a wall so now that we got
through rare a dead person and burr Oaks
twisted experiments let's talk about the
mostess third moment animals enjoy
moment and that spooky stuff cooter
Gohan
so this was my first shocking memory
ever I guess that would be what you
called it I can't find out anything
about it so this video might literally
be the only source of info on what
happens in this film on the entire
internet like I don't know I mean you
can buy it sure but nothing else is left
but pictures of the bodies
those are sever cinema review of it but
when they revamp their website that
review is gone now there's a page
talking about the creators and the other
works which is where y'all can get a
look at the death yourself via the
screenshots some of y'all probably
already have them the most disturbing
moment is easily the last case with the
little girl not only was her death
gruesome but she didn't get a proper
burial she had to be found and the
effects of nature have caused her to
look heroin I don't even know how she
died the most enjoyment was [ __ ] y'all
such a [ __ ] geek right when I [ __ ]
watch this whole film
I stuck my fist in the air like I just
be moderate or something but I don't
like being anxious about anything in
life really
especially not any shocking memory after
all the disturbing films I watched and
that's it so I hope y'all know that I
don't intend to disrespect any of the
victims in this film but his purpose was
to shock us and my purpose is to show
you how shocked I was and again death is
a part of life no matter how gruesome
and I truly feel for the innocent
especially now I would be willing to
make a video based on other shocking
memories if you desire you just gotta
let me know and of course I will be
extra extra careful on what I show I
think I can use sleight of hand
techniques against YouTube nowadays
though thank you for joining me on this
journey as I break through something
that truly truly scared me and gave me
nightmares
spooky out